Heather Dalton
09/07/2020

1) Briefly, what is the purpose of netcat?
	Netcat reads and writes data across network connections using TCP or UDP protocol.
2) We used many arguments with the nc command. Explain each one of them briefly.
	A)The command line arugument "nc -l -p 1025 -t" tells the network to us netcat to listen 
	to the users, the source port, enable telnet negotiation.
3) Briefly, what is the purpose of ngrep?
	ngrep purpose is to do the same thing as grep, which looks for files in plain text, but on 		a network setting.
4) We used many arguments with the ngrep command. Explain each one of them briefly.
	Sudo --> give user temporary root privileges
	ngrep --> searches for patterens on a network level
	-q --> be quiet
	password --> what it's searching for
	-d --> device interface
	eth1 host [rachels] --> the one Eve is snooping on
5) Was Eve able to intercept the message? Any ideas why?
	A)Eve was able to intercept the message.
	B)Eve is able to see the mesage because the command line argument that she typed allowed 		her to see plain text output.
6) Does it matter how complex Alice’s password is?
	It doesn't matter how complex Alice's password is because Eve has the plain text of 	Alice's password.
7) What does the pipe operator do?
	The pipe operator puts the output from the echo into the output of Alice.
8) Briefly, what is the purpose of mcrypt?
	This is a crypting program that encrypts and decripts a file into an extention of nc
9) We used many arguments with the mcrypt command. Explain each one of them briefly. Include a description of how the pipe was used.
	nc
	-l --> listen
	-p --> source port
	1025 --> source port number
	| --> reads the output of nc as the input of mcrypt
	mcrypt --> crypting program
	-d --> decrypt
	-k --> keywords
	"password123" --> what the key word is
10) Was Eve able to intercept the encrypted message? Any ideas why?
	A)Eve was not able to intercept the message.
	B)Eve is looking for plain text but this new message is encrypted.
