Heather Dalton
09/14/2020


1) How has the ownership and permissions changed?
	Previous Permissions:-rwxr-xr-x 1 hdalton hdalton 43744 Sep 11 18:08 /home/hdalton/supercat
	Permissions Now: -rwsr-xr-x 1 root root 43744 Sep 11 18:08 /home/hdalton/supercat
	
	a) As you can see the permissions changed for the user executable from x to s
	
2) Why can supercat read a privileged file when executed by an unprivileged user?
	A supercat can read a privileged file beause your using sudo without actually being in sudo. 
	
3) What security design principle/s are not followed by supercat?
	Fail-Safe Default, Complete Mediation, and Least Common Mechanism
	
4) This activity illustrates a potential vulnerability.
	4a) What is the vulnerability? 
		The man.txt file has a lot of information included in it with the history of users that used 		it.
        4b) What CIA principle is at risk? 
        	The CIA priciple, Confidentiality, is at risk.
        
5) What security design principle has not been followed by the Linux operating system’s file access routines?
	The security principle that has not been followed by Linux O.S. is Complete Mediation.
	
	5a) How would the behavior need to change to follow this security design principle?
		Linux would have to include a check for whoever is operating using that system.
		
6) If there is a potential vulnerability here, why do you think Linux continues to behave this way?
	I think Linux continues to behave this way becasue it wouldn't be backwards compatable. 

7) Look around (ls, pwd, cd), what do you observe?
	After typing in the last command it brings me to bash-5.0. When entering ls i get the output files 		of bin, dev, lib, lib64, and proc. The results from entering pwd in the home is just a slash
	mark(/). After cd into the bin directory and then typing pwd my the new output is /bin.

8) What security design principles are applied with chroot?
	Least Privilege, Least Common Mechanism
	
9) Can other users visit this folder? Would they be stuck?
	Before the users would be able to visit this folder but now since creating the chroot jail they 	
	would get stuck. 
	
10) How could chroot jail be used to enhance the security of a system?
	Chroot programs should restrict root access right after a user is done doing its chroot operations. 


